# Meeting Minutes

**Date:** Thursday 10th of August 2023

**Time:** 12:30

**Location:** Discord Online Meeting

**Attendees:**

* Client: Cian Byrne

* Team Member: Leo
* Team Member: Sam
* Team Member: Brad
* Team Member: Ethan
* Team Member: Julian
* Team Member: James

**Applogies**

* Team Member: Aryan - unavailable 

## Agenda

* Admin documents and requirements
* Discussion of initial scope
* Technical and requriements questions
* Discussion of internal communications
* What needs to be completed before next meeting

Meeting open at: 12:30 PM

## Item 1 - Admin documents and requirements

* Need to sign deed and relevant contracts.
* Clarification of requirements for pre-meeting youtube videos required by client.
* Clarified requirements for bitbucket and internal documentation.


## Item 2 - Discussion of initial scope

* Project scope will be limited due to smaller than expected amount of groups (was meant to be 8 teams, but is just one).
* The scope will be initially limited to a web or application based prototype, rather than a full elixir based implementation.
* Scope is also limited by depth, and is acceptable to get less information from the tool.


## Item 3 - Technical and requriements questions

* We can implement the prototypes for the project in python/js, rather than elixir as originally required. 

## Item 4 - Discussion of internal communications

* Discussion of the internal communications, clarified the use of the client's discord server for communications and questions.

## Item 5 - What needs to be completed before next meeting

* Need to create a project scope report for next week
* Need to create first meeting youtube video for next meeting.
* Need to complete legal and admin documentation.
* Need to create week3 presentation.


Meeting closed at:  12:49 PM
