# Group Meeting 9
17/09/2023 4pm - 4:35pm 

### Plan for the Week
- changing the entire codebase to what the client wants
- List view
	- js will be messy and very different to react

### Other Future
- handle html injection
- will need more time to move to web based and postgres

### Progress
- not much
- Leo is moving frontend to react
	- not a lot deliverable
- Sam is changing backend
- database is in postgresql now
	- cloud hosting will be easiest if you don't have postgres set up locally

### Other items
- big merge during meeting
- we need to merge into main more
	- make smaller branches
	- branch for issues!!!!
- Can assign more than one person to a jira issue now
