# Group Meeting 10
21/09/2023 4pm - 5pm


# Feedback from Tutor
- incomplete user stories should be in user story format
- System needs an archecture and design
- set up of group proc. could be clearer
- tests need to show input + output
	- n/a tests should be explained why
- evidence for test outputs needs to be provided

# Weekly plan
This is over midsem break aswell
- Aryan: Figma, icons, sidebar, colour palette, themes, & loading bar
- Sam: Users backend, database safety (maybe)
- Brad: Tests
- Leo: Cytoscape, API integration, & network list
- James: Settings page
- Julian: Non-technical
- Ethan: Non-technical


