# Group Meeting 8
14/09/2023 4pm - 4:30pm

### Future plans
- Julian and Aryan on List view
	- With future proofing (values for things we want to add)
	- Leo can help
	- No CSS just yet, we're gonna adjust a lot
	- Foldability and Resizability
- Figma for list view
- Move frontend design over to Aryan's diagram thing
- We should get functionality of frontend working first.
	- would make switching to new frontend very easy



