# Group Meeting 5
31/08/2023 4pm-6pm

### Tutor Questions
- Testing... what do we really need?
	- Test our own logic
	- Assume library returns are correct and valid data
	- Database testing!!
- Expectations for discipline based contributions?
	- I learnt this, and applied it here in the project
- What belong son the Wiki
	- research documents
	- readme to run the code

### TODO
- Fix DHCP thing
- Link backend with database and new frontend
