# Group Meeting 7
## with Tutor
01/09/2023 4pm - 4:30pm 

### Next XP role designations
- In the group contract and discord.
- Largely settled 

### Tutor convo
- We were gonna demo today, he wasn't available
- He's still pretty up to date anyway

### Future features
- Settings "page" discussion
	- James, Aryan, Leo


### Other
- last minute presentation discussion
- "Your notes are shit by the way" - Julian Dorfer
	- "I'll take that into account" - Brad Wootton
- Discussion and thinking on how we can identify switches and access points
	- Sam and Ethan

