# Group Meeting 4
27/08/2023 4pm-4:50pm

### Progress
- Improved device grab from the network
- Access to cian's network now

### Housekeeping
- Deleting a bunch of old branches
- Merging a few branches

### Future Features
- Maybe option for ip range

### Other
- Group report discussion
	- Work division
- How are we gonna do testing?
	- We can script functional testing
	- Testing data is going to be hard
	- We should try to unit test, could be hard though
	- Significant manual testing needed (as we have been doing)
	- Sample json files would help

